hi everybody and welcome into clemson
tigers calm down Munson along with the
head coach of your men's basketball team
Brad Brownell as we talked a little bit
about the upcoming game with Miami here
in Little John saturday at six o'clock
first before we talk about the
Hurricanes people behind us may be able
to see DeAndre Hopkins are working with
one of your assistant coaches let's talk
about his move into the program and how
that's gone so far in just a couple of
days well you know it's a slow process
he's it's a lot different football and
basketball especially in terms of
conditioning just the nature of the game
June we don't play five or seven seconds
and then go back and talk about huddle
we go for minutes at a time and he's got
to get his conditioning you a different
level and you know he's using a lot of
different muscles that is he hasn't used
for a while but it's nice to have him
out here it's nice to have him back you
can see right away that he's a very good
passer but he has a lot of things to
pick up he's going to spend a lot of
time after practice like today with
coaches and managers going through
things so he understands terminology
offensive schemes defensive schemes you
know our guys have been going hard for
since August and he's obviously been
playing football now he's got to make up
all that so it'll take a little bit of
time but
glad to have him with us do you expect
to have him on the floor saturday i
probably is a question you're going to
be asked a thousand times well it's
doubtful highly unlikely that he would
play for a while I just think there's
gonna be too many things that he's gonna
have to pick up on and learn before that
would happen and he's got to earn a
little bit of his way on our team that
guy's again and been playing a lot he's
got to earn his Spurs he plays well in
practice me how competes against guys
and produces and he'll have a chance to
get onto the court but he can't beat out
the guys we already got them and he's
gonna sit over there and cheer a little
bit and earn his way that hopefully
getting some time later in the season I
guess final question on this subject do
you like what you've seen so far in just
two days where I like a lot of the
things about him certain I think he's a
very competitive young man and he has a
good feel for basketball but there's a
lot of things that he doesn't change
from the vision one basketball out of
high school is a big one for anybody and
when you make it in January as opposed
to in August it's even more difficult so
that's that's hard for anybody that to
catch up with the see how how quick a
learner he is and how to adjust to our
sister nice talk a little bit about the
Canes big athletic group coming in here
Saturday tough matchup for you really
are Reggie Johnson inside is probably
one of the best pigment in our league
610 300 pounds at 22 and seven or nine
or whatever was against Duke was just a
handful inside you know he's made better
by the two yards grant and Scott those
two guys together or phenomenal
backcourt they can shoot the ball they
put pressure on your defense with
penetration
they both have got a couple years of
experience now and feel very comfortable
at the level and the inside-outside
combination is what's making Miami very
difficult and then combine that with
guys like Darius atoms that are big long
wing athletes Avery and Thomas who's a
phenomenal shooter at the four spot they
can really stretch it and make shots in
BG with threes with the naked beachy
inside the size and athleticism strength
so it's a very good team and a team that
I think coach ate the city he feels like
they should be more seemed to finish in
the top half of this league great the
competition for our guys I a home court
advantage always so important and I know
that you want to urge the fans to show
up in mass here Saturday yeah be really
nice i think we've played well enough
here recently to deserve a good crowd
we've got our ship a little bit going in
the right direction our guys have been
playing hard we've executed much better
than proved a lot to you want the
December you know we need to be ready
for acc point it's certainly a little
John when it's loud and when it's
roaring on game night is a phenomenal
home court we need that for all the AC
seems all right so tickets are still
available for other miami game here in
littlejohn coliseum saturday night at
six o'clock come on out and support this
fella i think that right now with this
team having won six in a row he
certainly deserves that for head coach
Brad Bernal I'm done Munson thanks for
being with us here on Clemson Tigers com